Recurly: Cloud extract source doc (#767)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/extract/recurly.mdx

---

[Recurly](https://recurly.com/) is a subscription management platform that maximizes the subscriber lifetime value with expertise, technology, and insights for the global brands.

This document guides you in setting up Recurly as a source in RudderStack. Once configured, RudderStack automatically ingests your specified Recurly data, which can then be routed to your RudderStack-supported data warehouse destination.

<div class="warningBlock">
All the Cloud Extract sources support sending data only to a <Link to="/destinations/warehouse-destinations/">data warehouse destination</Link>.
</div>

## Getting started

To set up Recurly as a source in RudderStack, follow these steps:

1. Log into your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/).
2. Go to **Sources** > **New source** > **Cloud Extract** and select **Recurly** from the list of sources.
3. Assign a name to your source and click on **Continue**.

### Connection settings

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/recurly-connection-settings.png" alt="Recurly credentials" />

- **API Key**: Enter your Recurly API key by going to your Recurly dashboard and navigating to **Integrations** > **API Credentials**.

> - **begin_time**: Enter the ISO8601 timestamp from where the replication from Recurly API should start. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **begin_time**: Enter the ISO8601 timestamp when the Recurly API should start the replication. 
```

> - **end_time**: Enter the ISO8601 timestamp at which the replication from Recurly API should stop. The data records after this date are not imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **end_time**: Enter the ISO8601 timestamp at which the Recurly API stops the replication. RudderStack will not import any data records after this timestamp.
```

Reviewer: Can replace `timestamp` in the above suggestion with `date`, if the latter is more suitable.

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/recurly-connection-settings-1.png" alt="Selecting the data to import" />

Recurly is now configured as a source. RudderStack will start ingesting data from Recurly as per your specified schedule and frequency.

You can further connect this source to your data warehouse by clicking on **Add Destination**, as shown:

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/add-destination.png" alt="Adding a destination" />

<div class="successBlock">
Use the <strong>Use Existing Destination</strong> option if you have an already-configured data warehouse destination in RudderStack. To configure a data warehouse destination from scratch, select the <strong>Create New Destination</strong> button.
</div>

## FAQ

### How do I obtain the Recurly API key?

To obtain the API key for configuring the Recurly Cloud Extract source, follow these steps:

1. Log into your [Recurly dashboard](https://recurly.com/).
2. Go to **Integrations** > **API Credentials** to find the API key as shown:

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/recurly-connection-settings-2.png" alt="Recurly API key" />

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
